Steps to use IBL on the c6678 EVM

1. Programing "IBL" on the EVM's EEPROM
   (a) Use the I2C EEPROM writer for c6678 EVM from the tools directory.
   (b) Program i2crom_0x51_c6678_le.dat (IBL image) to the EEPROM at I2C BUS 
       address 0x51 following the EEPROM writer's procedure.

2. Programing "IBL COnfiguration"
   NOTE: For an understanding of the IBL configuration parameters used in this step, 
         please refer to the IBL-Configuration documentation. The configuration 
         data structure is ibl_s.		 
   (a) Make sure that the boot mode dip switch is set to no boot/EMIF16 
       boot mode on the EVM (please refer to the EVM technical reference manual
	   on how to set the boot mode dip switches.
   (b) Open CCSv5 and launch the evmc66xx emulator target configuration and connect to core 0.
   (c) Load the program i2cparam_c6678_le.out to CCS.
   (d) Run the program and a message "Run the GEL for the device to be configured, 
       press return to program the I2C" will be printed on the CCS console.
   (e) Load i2cConfig.gel (in CCSv5 Tools->GEL Files, right click mouse in GEL Files
       window and select "Load GEL"
   (f) Run the GEL script "EVM c6678 IBL"->setConfig_c6678_main, this will set the 
       default boot parameters for booting application images from NOR, NAND and 
       Ethernet.
   (g) Now press "Enter" in the CCS console window, and the program will write the 
       boot parameter table to the EEPROM. On success the message "I2c table write complete" 
	   will be printed on the CCS console.

3. Programming the application on NAND or NOR flash
   NOTE: This step is not needed if the application is booted from Ethernet.
   (a) Use the NAND or NOR writer c6678 EVM from the tools directory.
   (a) Flash the Application to NAND or NOR. For instructions please follow 
       the instructions given along with the NAND/NOR writer.

4. Booting the Application using IBL
   (a) Set the boot mode dip switch to I2C address (0x51) boot mode on the EVM
       (please refer to the EVM technical reference manual on how to set the 
	   boot mode dip switches) and power cycle the EVM.

